Add a GradleUp Governance Charter (#6)
GradleUp/gradleup.github.io: docs/community/team.md

## Contact the Team

> For now, we use DMs on the Kotlin Foundation or the Gradle Community Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, we use DMs on the Kotlinlang Slack, or the Gradle Community Slack.
```
